Hi, guys, in this lesson, we will implement not font and unauthorized components.
These two components will be used as editor pates and both of them will be Statik Pates.
I mean, they will have all the e-mail content.
We will use them not found page for unknown pates or unknown pets.
And we will use the unauthorized page for the unauthorized access restrictions because we have different
rules like admin and user.
And we will give different access for BORTAC that we will create a simple page that contains an error
message and back button.
Both of them will be similar to each other.
Now let's start to implement the not font page.
I want to go to the not font component HDMI side and work on that here.
I'll quickly remove everything here and other containers.
By the way, I'll use the Emmet's plugin here.
I can use it in intelligent easily here.
I type the last name, then hit the tab and Emmet's plugin will that.
It is a side note.
Nothing too specific, just a feature of my idea.
So this is a normal container class here.
Using the bootstrap framework in the container.
I want to create a row with a nested bootstrap column class.
Let's say this to make it equal to all screen sizes.
Of course I want to create it in center mode.
Then I want to display error message cards with a big font size.
Then I'll show a lead message and give some margin bottom for it.
Our description might be offs, we can't seem to find the page you are looking for.
Finally, I carry the button for back to how this will be a link instead of Reath, we will use Racz
or Link, if you remember it from the previous listen rather to a link is a directive for redirection.
OK, now let's reload the page and see it not found Page.
OK, that looks so clear and effective, not font page will be a static page, so we will use the only
content of it so we don't need the component details so we can remove the redundant hooks from the component.
OK, now are not found, Page is ready now we will implement unauthorised component estimate.
Actually, it will be similar to the not found page.
We need to change just the message of it and the message of it so we can copy and paste the content
of the not font page.
Then we can edit it.
Message code will be four hundred one and the description might be unauthorized.
Access to this resource is the denied.
OK, now let's reload the page and see the unauthorized page.
OK, it looks perfect.
Finally, we will authorize our reporters from the EP routing module, if our writers are not described
previously, we will redirect to the not font page.
We should describe default unknown had behavior.
I mean, if we tried to join the application with an unknown path like hello, in this case, we should
say that this part is an unknown part and we should redirect it to the for hundreds for Pat to do it,
there are to provide an air handler.
If there is an error occurring on the router, we can catch it and we can navigate it to the forehands
for Pat in the approaching module constructor, we will check it.
If there is an error about rotters, then we will redirect to do not font for hundreds for page.
OK, now let's see it on the browser, we can test it with an unknown.
That's when we try to access an unknown that we will see the 404 page.
OK, that's all, thank you.